1. Using Git for Collaboration
How to Demo: Demonstrate the ability to create and merge branches, handle pull requests, and resolve conflicts.  
Notes: The project repository should have a clear commit history.

2. Maze Generation
How to Demo: When you run the game, a maze-like map will be randomly generated consisting out of at least one route from the start to the end, with walls blocking ways. 
    There should also be (randomly located) 2x2 tiles for towers to be built on.
Notes: The maze should have at least one spawn-tile for the enemies, and one end-tile for the enemies. If enemies reach end, player loses. Towers are not built when game starts, 
    player must do this himself.

3. A* Pathfinding
How to Demo: Using pathfinding, enemies will find their way through the (each time) randomly generated maze to the end of the maze. 
Notes: The pathfinding needs to find the shortest route possible to the end of the maze. 

4. Tower Placement
How to Demo: The towers can be placed (by the player) on the randomly pre-chosen spots for towers to be built on.
Notes: Ensure towers can only be placed on 2x2 tiles, designated for towerbuilts and only one of the multiple towers that can be chosen from will be built on the tiles.

5. Enemy Waves
How to Demo: Enemies spawn on their spawn-tile. Each time a wave starts a certain amount of enemies spawns, differing in difficulty. Once all enemies of that wave are defeated, the wave is over.  
Notes: Based on a "points" system a different amount of enemies with different difficulty will summon each wave. These points will exponantially grow. Thus, so does the difficulty.

6. Tower Attacks
How to Demo: Enemies that come into range of the towers should be shot at and get removed.  
Notes: Include basic attack animation (e.g., bullets).

7. Rounds
How to Demo: Defeat all enemies to progress to the next round. Earn money at the end of every round.
Notes: The reward should be the same as the difficulty of the round.

8. Upgrading Towers
How to Demo: Towers should be able to be upgraded to increase various attributes.  
Notes: The player should be able to click on towers to upgrade them, and changes should be visible.

9. Game Over Condition
How to Demo: If enemies reach the end, show a "Game Over" screen.  
Notes: Make sure this ends the game.